Hi, how are you? What's up Ana?
learning point com
and today I decided to show how to read
books in kindle or better
today I decided to show how to read books
the amazon or without having a device
kindle
[Music]
A lot of people are trying to buy mine.
book learning stories and not
because you think you need a
kindle to read and you do not really need
so I'm going to show the whole process here
from the beginning as if I had not
an amazon account
and for you to buy or download
free books in amazon you need
having an account is then the first thing
that will make enter a site is here O
amazon's website
Aah and make an account so you come
your account here and here made a Tás
new customer begins that it is right here that
I'm going to start then I'm going to put 11 one
man here is an email address
choose password and send account
that is where he gives some ideas of
but you do not have to enter
much in these configuration ideas you
There's already one in your account. Look at the
My account is called a test. I'm already inside.
On my account, I can go back to
home and now I'll have to
download a kindle application are all
free and have for all platforms
most used
so you have here kindle for iphone
for ipad for android for pc for mac
and for windows 8
then you to pc in case most
of people have you can choose the pc
if you have below windows 8 or if
Do you already have windows 8?
you download the kindle for windows 8 tá
right and it's just click here and
Send download you will enter
here's a low button now
So, come on, I uninstalled it.
application that I had in my
machine and and I decided to download the kindle for
pc without being to windows 8 despite the
my machines and windows 8 is a tip
What is left for you to install the fifth to
pc windows 8 you will have to pass
by microsoft application store
I would rather do an installation
for windows 7 below that works
anyway it's already downloaded
here I'll just run to
you see installation windows complains
I always have to do it
so come on, this is the screen that goes
appear when you open your
kindle application for the first time in
your computer
and it's time for you to use that account
you created here you will notice that
here are some books already inside
of my fifth because I had already
registered, my account is neither real nor
account you actually use inside is this
application and then I undo this record
to show the process of
registration for you
so I 'm going to put the account here that I
I just created and then I have to register
has now registered five cups
Synchronizing here does not have new items
What I'm going to do now, yes I will
start buying in your case will not
have no book here because you do not
bought any book we have not come back yet
here our account on amazon and then I'll
get the book I want in my case
Here I am going to use my
I already showed here
ah and I'll make the purchase with the click
from there you have simply two
registration screens with some data
You fill these two screens
and then your account is all ready
okay so now i'm going to download
automatically looks and for kindle
for pc is already open here but I go
automatically over here
then windows gives me a little complain
always remember your choice was
start the application
then it will do what it will download
the book is here in your case is going
this book appears
then you double-click and start reading
that's right it starts in text you're
can return to look at the index the index
he can go to a story
specific and so on
there are other functions here
here is all the content that you
You want to look at the cover?
So it's your book and ready for
be read inside your computer is the
process for mobile devices is very
similar to the installation of any
application you go to your store
device be android be ipad
install the kindle application that is
free and is from this application
you register and you can make the
purchase of your book in my case here was
a zero value purchase
if it is not a zero-value purchase
amazon will ask you for a credit card
It's okay so I hope with that.
be clearer what you need
do to read your amazon books
even without having a yard and that this
let's make good use of this store that
It's getting there and it's here.
revolutionize the book market
the Brazilian market revolutionized the
American
It's okay, so I'm going to stay here.
If you liked the jewelry, make a
comment any doubt can also
leave a comment mainly there
Blog Archive
or sign up for our channel if
you have
on youtube until more shaw
[Music]